README.md, before:

# Programmierprojekt

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Clean up repo (#55)
* Delete dockerfile

* Delete cloudbuild.yaml

* Deleted src/assets/.gitkeep

* Test deployment (#58)

* Fixed FireFox Bug

* Disable K Determination when k is not empty; Removed Jaccard

* Filter out invalid Arrays, throw Error if more than 25% of data was removed

* Filter out invalid Arrays, throw Error if more than 25% of data was removed

* Cedric/remove sidedrawer and login component (#53)

* removed Sidedrawer

* removed login component

---------

Co-authored-by: khuepp <143700333+khuepp@users.noreply.github.com>

* Delete dockerfile

* Delete cloudbuild.yaml

* Deleted src/assets/.gitkeep

* Removed Name input and changed heading

---------

Co-authored-by: cepurwin <113333536+cepurwin@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: khuepp <143700333+khuepp@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: cepurwin <cedric.purwin@outlook.de>

README.md, after:

# Programmierprojekt

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 16.2.1. For running the following commands, it is neccessary to install said CLI.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Online server

### Accessibility

The project is available online at www.clustericke.de. A separate branch (test-deployment) is also available online at www.test.clustericke.de. You can push changes directly to test-deployment, then the build process is triggered and the changes are deployed to www.test.clustericke.de.

### CI/CD-Pipeline

For viewing triggers and builds see [Google Cloud Build](https://console.cloud.google.com/cloud-build/builds?project=programmierprojektfrontend).
For viewing the deployed versions, traffic allocation and monitoring traffic see [Google App Engine](https://console.cloud.google.com/appengine?project=programmierprojektfrontend&serviceId=default).

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Testing

### Unit-Tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

### End-to-end tests

Run `npx playwright test` to execute end-to-end test via [Playwright](https://playwright.dev/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
